they I watch my son he played the back
Bach line and it is not not good very
dirty things I need to I need to explain
to somebody what what happened here okay
um
what's the phone number on the live
account um
it is should be three three one zero the
sec to fight a one treachery sir but my
son he like a serious one three three
seven my son like a sixteen year old you
have a prepaid cell phone I think he
make a payment with the widow with a
credit card he buy from the same and
7-eleven I need to get but I don't know
I need a report maybe a bug or maybe
something that I don't know this is the
regular things I need blue to tell
somebody what happened here because it
is not not good for child to see in your
name I'm sorry your name a book Lao be
ok Lau could it be under a different
phone number to be honest I don't know
my son he buy for food for three days he
good I say mommy I want to get that book
liar I say no he go by the car himself
he activated no my permission I come
into his room he played the the the for
auto theft you know her and her daughter
for the yes that game very dirty game I
saw him naked ladies okay I come in the
room I see him on the headset he talked
to the people he say alright okay shoot
him do this do this and I see the black
lady on the ground I see I don't know if
this is a cheating this is a real the
way the game is I see two black people
they do the dirty thing you know what I
mean ma'am um he will did did you buy
the game for him
no he battery by himself he by himself I
say no they weren't selling the
they weren't supposed to sell this games
to anybody under the age of 17 okay but
have anything to do with that okay but
look no no no no no no you tell me
there's a porno Rock here is that
there's a black boy there's a black lady
and a black man he's a foot in my butt
he tell her put in my butt
vroom vroom from the back bullshit I
don't like it
ma'am as far as the expert you guys you
guys assailed a game that have that have
a sexy time in the in the game not good
there's a cheat code or something you
you put in the back you use okay and why
jelly ma'am I we don't make that game
look at somebody look see I tell you you
guys make that back line Sambo they do
that they sing xbox Xbox Live is not
Xbox Live is not game the game is okay
look here Becky about our game I know
but you guys support the game it played
on your platform they need to do
something about it they have the they
have the they fuck in the butt in front
of my son in front of him he look at
this at the penis he's a gay boy now you
have to refrain from using that language
on the phone a penis is a medical term
okay it not not a dirty word okay calm
down when I'm talking about what oh okay
look okay I'm sorry I try to keep my
cool I am very angry there is a vein in
my forehead right now it's about a pop
look they use the family settings on the
console I don't know shit I don't know
how to do anything I like I like it I
don't I don't even know how to do that
was that that's another another cache
word okay sir okay look here you're not
ten years aren't calm down don't cry
don't cry don't be like an immature okay
be big boy I'm a big boy now you see the
commercial look I want to tell you this
is not tempers you know we're diaper I
need to put this problem I don't know
how to do it I don't I don't play games
I play I play real life okay I do I walk
from 8:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.
I clean the house then I walk from 7:00
p.m.
p.m. I cook the food at the restaurant
okay I am a very hardworking lady I
don't work hard for my son to look at
the dirty things
hello yes okay like a big boy what
nothing there's nothing it is not okay
no he'll tell me this tell me this is
your game now timers if you don't if you
if your credit card is not on there you
don't own the account okay look here
Benedict mow it make Mick McMurray look
I tell you he make I'm just telling you
an apple oh fuck